[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
In the beginning,
when that beautiful kingdom
first came to float
above the clouds,
a noble, white cat
sat upon the throne.
One day, a black cat looked up
from the mud of
the surface, saw her,
and fell in love.
[HUMAN SOLDIER 11A]
This way, Your Highness.
Thank you.
[DARK ARMY yelling]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS gasps]
It's you.
Why aren't you glad to see me?
Ya feelin' guilty
about choppin' me up?
Heh. I actually considered
you an ally back then.
I did feel like
that went too easily.
You got me in the back.
Still, it takes more than that
to kill an heir to the throne.
And also, I've got way more
monster in me than say, you.
Right?
What were you thinking, Adel?
Huh?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS] Why did
you attack the Queen of Light?
'Cause it was
His Majesty's wish.
And therefore the will
of the Kingdom of Black.
Just who do you think you are?
I should be asking you
why you stopped me.
[ADEL]
Although, to be honest,
it's probably for
the best that you did.
What?
The Queen of Light has power.
But at heart,
she's just a little girl.
The shock from what
she saw is filling her
with doubt as we speak.
Soon she'll be no threat at all.
See, when two people of
equal strength go at it,
the victor is whoever
doesn't give in.
So that was part of
the king's strategy, too.
Everybody underestimates
His Majesty's intellect.
But the instinct
to grow and expand
is what gave rise to
intelligence in the first place.
You're all fools for
thinking the king's a brute.
I see what this is.
The king sent you here to
get me out of the way, right?!
Why are you saying that like you
uncovered some kind of secret?
You sweet idiot.
Well, hey, it's fine.
If the Dark Knight
couldn't see this coming,
then what chance did you have?
Wait, do you mean Vallus?
I understand the way
that His Majesty thinks,
'cause I'm swimming in darkness.
You know, I think it
might've been the king
who brought me into this world.
But none of that
actually matters now.
The king wanted you
and Groza out of the way
because he could tell that
you might get in bed with White.
In bed?
[ADEL] I'm talking in terms
of your allegiance, idiot.
Nobody cares about your
twisted, little love triangle.
[ADEL] Oh, and don't
get the wrong idea.
Compared to the King of
Darkness at full strength,
you're nothing but an insect.
You pose no threat to him.
But he's wise enough to keep
his guard up despite the fact.
[ADEL]
Enough talking. Come at me!
Thought we settled
this in our first fight!
This isn't the way
things have to be, Adel!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
[chuckles] Is that
all you've got?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
Or are you still not
taking me seriously?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
[groans]
[ADEL chuckles] Looks like
you really were holding back.
[ADEL growls]
You are such a pain in the ass!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
[yells]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS yells]
[ADEL groans]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
[ADEL]
What?!
[ADEL groans]
Huh?
[gasps]
You didn't actually think that
would finish me off, did you?
You're even more
foolish than I thought.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunting]
[cackles]
[groans]
[ADEL growls]
Now die!
[ADEL grunts]
[ADEL chuckles]
[groans]
Look at how the
tables have turned.
[ADEL grunts]
[groans]
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS gasping]
No. Damn you!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
[ADEL groans]
There.
[ADEL groaning]
Don't blame me for this.
You left me no choice.
[ADEL groans, chuckles]
[gasps]
Beating me changes nothing.
I bet the king
planned for this, too.
Wait, what?
[ADEL]
I wasn't sent here to beat you.
I was sent to slow you down.
[gasps]
[ADEL] Most of our forces are in
the sky, as is the king himself.
How long do you think
the Kingdom of White's
wavering light will hold out?
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS growls]
That's right. What hope
they had is fading fast.
Once the king absorbs
the Progenitor Rune,
darkness will cover all space,
and the balance will
collapse for good.
Once that happens,
this world is done for.
There won't be so much
as a single survivor.
Everyone from both of
our kingdoms will die.
What do you mean?
I know that his goal
is to conquer White.
But isn't that because he thinks
he'll have peace
once his kingdom wins?!
If you can't see what
"peaceful darkness everywhere"
really means, then
the King was right
to not consider you a threat.
So both kingdoms will fall?
But that would mean he
wants to destroy everything.
Then what does that make
the people who serve him?!
Why would you fight for that?!
He doesn't have the
right to take our future!
No one does!
Know what? I think I'll
go ahead and lead the way...
...into peaceful darkness.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS] So that's
why the king left me down here.
Away from the light.
High as it is, there
must be a way up there.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
[GROZA]
Your Highness!
[gasps]
[GROZA]
Solitaire Orage!
Lady Groza.
Leave this to me!
[GROZA]
Hurry!
Thanks. Be careful!
[GROZA]
Mm.
Révolte Éclair!
Damn King of Darkness.
You always keep
yourself out of my reach.
But even if you conquer the sky,
I won't let you
decide our futures!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Come on!
There's no way
I can get to him.
Not from here.
I can't do a thing.
[gasps]
What's this light?
And where could
it have come from?
Who's there?
With this power
there's a chance.
Please, hold on for me!
Iris!
[KING OF DARKNESS]
It's unsightly
the way you struggle even now.
Accept your‐‐
You sure like to
hear yourself talk.
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Hm. Intriguing.
[gasps]
[screams]
Lady Sheama!
[KING OF DARKNESS chuckles]
It seems I've given in
to one of my vices...
"Playfulness."
[SHEAMA screams]
[KING OF DARKNESS cackles]
She's the White Priestess.
She's our Queen of Light.
But why is that?
I trained hard, too.
So why was she the
one who was chosen?
What did she do to deserve
everything that I wanted?
That I fought for.
It should've been me!
[SHEAMA gasps]
Are you feeling okay?
Can you hear me?
[SHEAMA]
Y‐Yes. What happened?
You were swallowed by darkness.
[SHEAMA]
I see. Heh.
[BOTH gasp]
Well, I guess their king
isn't so tough after all.
I'm just a mage, but for all his
efforts, he couldn't corrupt me.
[MAGE 12B]
That's our leader!
How's Queen Iris doing?
She's safe for now.
All right then, this
battle isn't over yet.
We have a horde
of monsters to fight.
We'll keep the people safe
no matter what it takes.
[BOTH]
Right.
[IRIS]
O Progenitor Rune.
Hard as I fought, I couldn't
protect the Kingdom of White.
I didn't have the strength.
And now the
balance is in tatters.
[IRIS]
I guess this makes me a liar.
I said I'd wait for you,
so we could build a
peaceful world together.
And I really wish we could have.
Now that every hope
we had has failed us,
there's only one option left.
One chance to stop the darkness.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS yells]
I won't let anything
slow me down!
[gasps]
Hold on! I'm coming for you!
[MYSTERIOUS VOICE 03A]
No! This is wrong!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Yeah. This is wrong.
I can't explain why,
but deep in my being
I can feel that things
got twisted around!
But how?
Where did we go wrong?!
If right and wrong were
never set in stone,
then what are the
laws of this world for?
Before it's all lost,
I wanna find out!
[MYSTERIOUS VOICE 03A] If you
wish it, the world can change.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I don't have any answers,
but‐‐
[MYSTERIOUS VOICE 03A]
You weren't born
just to feel sorrow.
You two didn't meet just so
you could miss each other.
If I'm ignorant, then of course
I want to look for the truth!
[MYSTERIOUS VOICE 03A]
I'll help you.
I don't wanna hurt you,
so move aside!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS] Evil.
What does that word even mean?
If I can't answer that, then
how can I trust my convictions?
How do I know my ideals
aren't just selfish?!
Faster! You don't
have time for doubts!
The age of my kingdom
will now come to an end.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
I have to reach her!
That said, the world's
balance will be maintained.
If I can't help her now,
then what good was my promise?!
Because I know
that I shouldn't exist,
I'm going to
commit an awful sin.
I'll protect you!
O Progenitor Rune,
great bastion of light.
Iris!
Bring forth all that is
concealed within your facets,
and unleash it.
The king‐‐
seal him away!
[VALLUS, PHIOUS grunting]
What could be causing
this earthquake?
[PHIOUS yells]
Damn. So stubborn.
[VALLUS grunts]
Run, you coward.
My battle's won,
but she's still fighting.
Please wait for me, my queen.
[PHIOUS] What's this?
The Progenitor Rune's shining.
Wait! The light's too strong!
Don't tell me‐‐
[gasps] It's self‐destructing?
But the people
of White are still‐‐
Hey, Sheama!
[SHEAMA grunts]
What are you doing here?
This is hopeless.
We have to run.
I can't.
You could.
But fine; I'll go on my own.
I'll keep running forever,
even if there's
no one else left!
[THEO] They'll never catch me.
They won't get the chance!
[yelps]
I held the gate.
I sent the foe running.
So why?
Why would you give up
instead of waiting for me?!
[gasps]
[groans]
No! Why?!
[KING OF DARKNESS]
What's this?
[gasps] Iris!
[IRIS gasps]
[IRIS]
Oh no...
My prince, I'm sorry.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS grunts]
I gave my word,
but I couldn't keep it.
Wait, Iris, no!
[IRIS gasps]
[rumbling]
No, don't tell me‐‐
The queen... Could she have...?
[KING OF DARKNESS] I see. She
sacrificed her entire kingdom,
so she could attack me
with the Rune's full power,
[KING OF DARKNESS]
What?!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS growls]
[KING OF DARKNESS groans]
Insolent fool!
Let's go down together.
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
She's gone.
But this was her wish.
Just disappear!
[KING OF DARKNESS]
Curse you!
[PRINCE OF DARKNESS]
Goodbye, Iris.
Iris, why didn't
you wait for me?
It feels... so bitter.
[cackling]
[continues cackling]